1. We have previously fixed `_slop/1_fix_bvh_plan.md` but there are still some problems. Write a new series of plan `_slop/3_improve_bvh_part_X.md` that will improve the implementation:
- do the lod recomputation and the bvh visibility in lock-step. Keep a list of rendered objects, initially the root tiles. That is, when considering a split operation, is the node being split actually visible with the previously spawned objects.
- the game freecam does not seem to run occlusion at all. only in car and pedestrian control modes do we actualy see the occlusion happening. make sure all 3 use the same logic and code paths for occlusion, they should be identical. the only reference point is the camera. we have the same camera in all 3. 
- there is possibly too much occlusion happening, some tiles in the distance are in their raw format even if they are visible. i think this is caused by our computation into the heightmap for the occlusion - the height map is too raw. let's replace it with the actual mesh of the tile. instead of computing heightmap from the tile mesh, use the tile mesh itself in the visibility computation. 
- in the 3d bvh occlusion debug menu add 3 sliders (default 0.1, range 0.1 - 100.0) for the radius of the camera range sphere. The problem is this: when we are in a car and pass a corner really quick around a building, the tile around the corner was occluded and now isn't, and it can't load in time. so we will hard-code a range for each camera type to check visibility from all possible points inside of the sphere. Think of a light-weight way to sample that, for example with random sampling 20 points from the surface of the sphere and running visibility for each. Consider ignoring backfaces, as some of the points for the sphere may land behind a wall or under the ground. I'm just brainstorming here, propose a better solution than this.

Write the steps for such a plan into the files listed above. Each plan part should mention in detail what code needs to be written, where to write it, what the structures and functions are going to be called and their headers, and so on. Each plan should also mention explicitly to only run cargo check on the correct crate using "unset ARGV0" if needed to avoid some "proxy" issues in runnnig cargo from appimage . These will be used by a simpler, lesser model to write the code, so be clear in instructions and grill me with quesitons for any open questions (at least 5) before writing the plan.
