1. pedestrian controlling logic needs change:
- melee weapons should all be treated as continuous fire / full auto, so when user holds mouse button they keep attacking over and over again
- raise sprinting speed 50% faster and lower the sprinting sound loop 60% of the pitch it is now.
- player pedestrian: follow camera should be more around one shoulder , now it's just above the head. right click should aim instead. aiming plays the aim animation and zooms in the camera towards the target. When unarmed or using a melee weapon, aiming will zoom in the camera in the same way, but will not show any special animations. 
- gun animation: the gun is always pointing at its target, but when it's not actively shooting or aiming, it should not be pointed perfectly at its target, but instead just stay in the hand at the correct mount point (same direction as the forearm bone, y up)
- trying to shoot on an empty animation plays the empty click clip sound. then twice. the third time it will start reloading. if user changes weapon or reloads, this counter resets. 


2. refactoring and decoupling of car , traffic and pedestrian logic from the agents that drive them (player, networked player, npc ai). research if pedestrians and cars have code that's implemented multiple times: they can be npcs driven by some ai, player characters, or network player characters. we should make sure all pedestrian related code is in some common plugin for pedestrian behavior, and all these simulated pedestrians and cars are driven only by their events that they observe: player input, network player event or update message, npc ai decision. this means we should review all traffic plugins, car plugins, etc. for duplication and refactor the code in such a way to decouple the simulated entities (cars, pedestrians, weapons) from the methods they are driven (pc, npc, network pc). 


3. car controller camera zoom and drive-by.
- player can hold guns in car. guns are switched by the mouse wheel. same type of gun UI appears in top right corner. if user holds gun when entering car, they will hold the same gun when they are in the car, otherwise pick a random gun. the target does not normally appear on the screen and the user cannot shoot - clicking while driving will "blind shoot" as in only show the center dot and start shooting. Holding right click will show the aim recticle and left clicking will then shoot. Shooting plays no special animation for now. The shooting origin will still be the gun, since we risk colliding with the car, we have a slightly more complex procedure: we try to hit the target point using a ray from the gun muzzle. The ray should be slightly shorter than the distance to the target, so ideally it doesn't hit. Id it hits our own car instead, we jump over to outside of the car (by using a second ray from the outside coming into the gun) and then switch to that outside point and consider that our gun shooting origin.