- weapons: debounce player gun shots to specific min delay (weapon rpm) both guns and swords. for swords, speedup the animation to achieve the desired rpm.  put the rpm values in the weapon manifest text file in the data dir, that is, manually add a column at the bottom of the list. make sure the list now has its header and that the header is skipped in code. 

- weapons: add automatic flag to the manifest, if weapon is automatic, shoot continuously when mouse button is down with the rpm registered on the wepaon. this does not affect ai's as they send shoot events anyway. put the automatic flag manually on weapons that sound like they should be (e.g. uzi)

- when you press escape when controlling a pedestrian, the pedestrian despawns. instead of despawning it, we should turn it into a traffic pedestrian by removing some components and adding some other components.

- when we load the world map and we have the global bbox, ensure the camera bounds to those values. So the camera cannot exit the bbox of the world map, if it does, clamp it in this system which will live in the Last schedule.

- fake map: when we have loaded the real map (the state from states.rs is reached that main map is loaded) then list all the roots's parents, and pick the ones with the minimum level. we now have a level from where we can go down.  then, if the list of tiles we have in that manifest for that level is less than 5, choose this level, else continue to the next level towards the root (so a smaller level / depth).  So we are at the level where we only have at most 4 tiles. We have our map bbox. For all vertex points in all meshes on all these tiles, if the vertex is inside the current bbox, we lower that vertex position down to bbox.min_y - 1.0 (remember, blender is y up). We then spawn this map tile with a special type of bundle - it's cosmetic only, has no shadow, has no physics at all, has no transform, it's just the glb loaded with a component on it and nothing else. We then expand the bbox to the edges of these tiles we've rendered, and do it again for 3 more levels, or until we run out of levels in the map manifest, whichever's first. These will fill out the horizon and make it look like the map is endless. 