in .pi/crack/server we have implemented sub-agents of many different types but they are not useful so we only want 1 type of agent to be generic enough to fit all purposes. The new "coder" agent will only run prewalk runs controlled by todo lists, 2 models (the ), and the hidden plan instruction, like explained in the article we link to below.  The coder agent can also run with plan:false setting (controlled in a new chat by a checkbox default on). The sub-agent has a parameter that the over-agent can control for plan=true or false ; the tool explains when to use it and what it means (basically, the trajectory will start with a smarter model in plan mode with todo lists before handing off to a cheaper model).

This agent (and sub-agent type -- all will be of the same type) will have the pre-walk arhitecture explained in this article: https://stencil.so/blog/prewalk that i pasted in _slop/prewalk-article.md

Each aspect of the agent should be customizable including models, prompts, the hidden prompt, etc. You should research the product documentation from the blog post to see how they implement the todo list : do they use some kind of tooling , or do they enforce it by telling the model by prompt to use it at a specific path ? Our old approach (the planner subagent) would tell the model to write it itself to a path, but maybe a tool-based approach would be better in this case, and would let us implement the "nagging messages related to todo" in the implementation part, and would take the todo out of the edit list.

Then, we also have the potential problem where the model will make the first edits using different toolings than the "edit" or "write" tools (such as bash) - in this case we should reiterate in the prompts to only use "edit" tool for changing existing files and only use write tool for writing non-existing files, but never "bash + cat" or any other combination that rewrites files outside of the tools system. Bash commands should only be used for exploration, testing and verification, as well as general file rename operations.

When starting a chat, the UI will show the plan checkbox (default on) and the planner model and implementer model (if in planning mode with prewalk) or just the normal model (if in non-planning mode). Once the user chooses the models, they cannot be changed anymore ; the default value of the dropdowns will be the global values that are set in settings (three model picks: plan planner, plan implementer, non-plan).

Research around how to best reimplement our system to make use of this feature and revisit mechanisms related to sub-agents and prewalk. Grill me on implementation details and write a comprehensive plan into _slop/prewalk-plan.md on how to best implement these changes. We are looking for at least 3 rounds of 4 questions each related to the best way to refactor the features included here.

Use all uv, python, bash, etc. commands only under the following way: docker exec crack-dev bash -exc 'command .... ' . Do not run any code outside the container, you will not have the tools available at all. You can use rg, fzf, grep, inside the container only. You can use edit and read commands as normal. The container mounts the workspace dir at /workspace where your shells will spawn. 